hi natural beauties ok so today I am
finally going to do my winter fall
winter washing go routine I've been
wanting to do this for a long time but
I've been kind of waiting because I've
been playing around what's working best
for my hair because I've had to use
different products in a different
routine during the following winter
months than I did during the summer so
as you can see I just got out the shower
from co washing my hair so what I do is
I get in the shower and I use the
Tresemme naturals flawless curve I mean
it's not trust me naturals this tresemme
flawless curls curls hydration
absolutely love this one it's not
completely curly girl friendly or curly
girl method friendly but I found that
this one just works better for my fall
winter hair and you gotta do it works
best for you so I use this first and all
I do is I kind of saturate my hair with
it I massage it in there and then I put
a hair tie on my hair and I do my other
business or whatever so I do like a mini
deep conditioning treatment then I come
back and I rinse it all out and then
i'll take another handful and just put
it in my hair or whatever and then get
out the shower so I leave some in and
while is in there when i first started
washing it or whatever I detangle that's
when I do my D tangling with my fingers
alright so now we're at the part where I
just got a shower a few minutes ago and
I put a t-shirt on my head and now i'm
going to show you what i do this is my
wet hair so the first thing that I do is
that I've been using the hobo oil for my
father mentor i usually use coconut oil
but it's really good to change it up
sometimes so this has been working great
for me i'm just going to put a little
bit and i'm just going to put it on my
edges cuz my edges get really dry
and then I'm going to put a little bit
more in you don't meet much and I really
want to kind of get it right here so
that I can really kind of get it in mice
kept good all right next I am going to
use the curl in style milk by Shea
Moisture I love this one and I use a lot
of this and then I'm just going to do
sections of it and i rake it through so
this is my first section oh that's too
much so I'm going to do a larger section
so I'm gonna do this whole section
because I put too much in but i usually
do about four sections raking it through
make sure you get those ends and then
I'm going to do the back section all
right now I just put a little bit more
through the top a little bit on the ends
and on the bow on the back part all
right next I go through with my oil to
seal this in and you don't need a lot of
the whole hope all at all so I kind of
do like two sections mainly focusing on
my ends and I do some in the back part
and then I want to focus on the crown
and my hair just I didn't part it that
way it just kind of did that in the
shower alright so the last thing that I
do is I use a gel and I didn't have to
use gel during the summer and I didn't
have to use this much conditioner and
product during the summer but in the
winter your hair changes and you have to
do things differently so i have to use a
jail now if i don't want it super frizzy
because in the winter my hair is super
frizzy so i've been using the curls got
his curls jail and I don't need a whole
lot of this and I do
to section no I do about four sections I
really want to focus up here because
that's where it's really frizzy
Oh
okay so now what I'm going to do is I'm
going to do my part I usually do a part
on the side you guys probably hear my
kids in the back girl so I kind of do it
the way I want and I just put a little
bit on the top part of this to help set
the way I want my hair to fall all right
and that's it so I'll be back to show
you guys the results alright so I'm back
um it's been about two hours two and a
half hours my hair is about 90% dry it's
just damp in a few areas but this is
pretty much what it looks like
there's a little bit of shrinkage I
usually just kind of play around with
the front part of it but as you guys can
see this is the result no frizz and it's
still really so hope you liked this one
by